README.md, before:

# Korea University Course Registration Bot (KUPID Auto-Register)

Automated Python script for monitoring and registering for courses on the Korea University Portal (KUPID).

## ⚠️ Disclaimer & Warning
**Use at your own risk.** Automated course registration scripts may violate Korea University's IT policies or Student Code of Conduct. Excessive requests can lead to IP bans or account suspension. This tool is for educational purposes only.

## Features
- **Automated Login**: Handles credential entry (supports manual CAPTCHA solving).
- **Course Monitoring**: Continuously checks availability for a list of target courses.
- **Auto-Registration**: Instantly attempts to register when a slot opens.
- **Anti-Detection**: Uses Selenium with randomization and proper User-Agent headers.
- **Configurable**: Settings managed via `config.json`.

## Prerequisites
- Python 3.8+
- Google Chrome Browser installed

## Installation

1. Clone or download this repository.
2. Install Python dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

## Configuration

1. Open `config.json`.
2. Enter your KUPID credentials:
   ```json
   "username": "2023123456",
   "password": "your_password"
   ```
3. Add the courses you want to monitor:
   ```json
   "target_courses": [
       {
           "course_code": "COSE123",
           "course_name": "Operating Systems"
       }
   ]
   ```
4. Adjust `refresh_interval` (default 3 seconds). **Do not set this too low** to avoid being blocked.

## 🛠️ CRITICAL: Selector Setup
Since KUPID's internal HTML structure changes and is not publicly accessible without a student account, **you must update the CSS selectors in `bot.py`**.

1. Open `bot.py`.
2. Search for `TODO: UPDATE THESE SELECTORS`.
3. Go to KUPID in your Chrome browser, right-click the input fields (ID, Password, Search Box, etc.), and select **Inspect**.
4. Find the `id` or `name` attribute of the elements and update the Python code accordingly.
   - Example: If the ID input has `<input id="login_id" ...>`, change `USERNAME_FIELD_ID = "id"` to `USERNAME_FIELD_ID = "login_id"`.

## Usage

Run the bot:
```bash
python main.py
```

- A Chrome window will open.
- The bot will attempt to log in.
- If a CAPTCHA appears, solve it manually in the browser window; the bot will wait.
- Once logged in, it will start monitoring the target courses.

## Troubleshooting
- **ChromeDriver Error**: The `webdriver-manager` library should handle this automatically. If not, download the ChromeDriver matching your Chrome version manually.
- **Login Fails**: Check `bot.py` selectors. The login page structure might have changed.
- **Bot crashes immediately**: Check `bot.log` for details.

Commit message:

Refactor: Upgrade to hybrid architecture with AsyncIO and NTP sync

README.md, after:

# Korea University Course Registration Bot (Sugang Auto-Register)

Automated Python script for monitoring and registering for courses on the Korea University Course Registration System (Sugang).

## 📢 Manifesto (初心)

**"We all pay the same tuition. We deserve to take the classes we actually want."**

Let's be real: course registration shouldn't be a lottery based on who has the fastest click speed or the lowest ping. It feels unfair when you can't get into a class you need just because the server lagged for a second.

This tool is designed to **level the playing field**. It's not about hacking; it's about automating the boring stuff so you can get the education you paid for.

### ⚠️ Heads Up (风险提示)
With great power comes great responsibility.
*   **Don't be reckless**: If you spam the server too hard, you *will* get blocked.
*   **Use common sense**: I wrote this code to help you, but I can't take the fall if the school admin gets mad. Use it wisely, grab your courses, and enjoy your semester.

## Features
- **Automated Login**: Handles credential entry (supports manual CAPTCHA solving).
- **Course Monitoring**: Continuously checks availability for a list of target courses.
- **Auto-Registration**: Instantly attempts to register when a slot opens.
- **Anti-Detection**: Uses Selenium with randomization and proper User-Agent headers.
- **Configurable**: Settings managed via `config.json`.

## Prerequisites
- Python 3.8+
- Google Chrome Browser installed

## Installation

1. Clone or download this repository.
2. Install Python dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

## Configuration

1. Open `config.json`.
2. Enter your Portal ID and password (same as KUPID):
   ```json
   "username": "2023123456",
   "password": "your_password"
   ```
3. Add the courses you want to monitor:
   ```json
   "target_courses": [
       {
           "course_code": "COSE123",
           "course_name": "Operating Systems"
       }
   ]
   ```
4. Adjust `refresh_interval` (default 3 seconds). **Do not set this too low** to avoid being blocked.

## 🛠️ CRITICAL: Selector Setup
Since the Sugang system's internal HTML structure changes and is not publicly accessible without a student account, **you must update the CSS selectors in `bot.py`**.

1. Open `bot.py`.
2. Search for `TODO: UPDATE THESE SELECTORS`.
3. Go to https://sugang.korea.ac.kr in your Chrome browser, right-click the input fields (ID, Password, Search Box, etc.), and select **Inspect**.
4. Find the `id` or `name` attribute of the elements and update the Python code accordingly.
   - Example: If the ID input has `<input id="login_id" ...>`, change `USERNAME_FIELD_ID = "id"` to `USERNAME_FIELD_ID = "login_id"`.

## Usage

Run the bot:
```bash
python main.py
```

- A Chrome window will open.
- The bot will attempt to log in.
- If a CAPTCHA appears, solve it manually in the browser window; the bot will wait.
- Once logged in, it will start monitoring the target courses.

## Troubleshooting
- **ChromeDriver Error**: The `webdriver-manager` library should handle this automatically. If not, download the ChromeDriver matching your Chrome version manually.
- **Login Fails**: Check `bot.py` selectors. The login page structure might have changed.
- **Bot crashes immediately**: Check `bot.log` for details.
